README.md, before:

# Hitch and Stitch

A creatures game for promoting student-student interactions on a university campus.
Programmed using a Next.JS, React, TypeScript, Tailwindcss, PostgreSQL tech stack.

## Gameplay
Hitchins are little creatures who live on campus, learning alongside each of us--but they need some help!
Hitchins are too small to take themselves to class, so they need to hitch a ride from a student, their active "pardner".
Eventually (NOT MVP): Hitchins will have cute little interactions with their pardner that will build exp and their relationship. (Tamagotchi-esque).
Eventually (NOT VMP): Hitchins have built in, procgen characteristics that lend them personality (they have a dream).

After a while with a certain pardner, a hitchin will ask to move on to a new pardner with a certain trait (say, an art major)--they want to keep learning!
The current pardner will have to find a student in the target group to whom they'll transfer the hitchin.
The active pardner will present a transfer offer QR code, and let the recipient scan the code.

The same hitchin may come back your way after you trade them away--stay on the lookout!
Even when you're not *active* with a hitchin, you'll still be able to see their status: you've built a little relationship! 

## Tech Info
Please use pnpm for package management; it's a little more full-featured, efficient, and comfortable. Once you start using pnpm, DO NOT use npm again! (Eat kosher).
Try to keep all packages as updated as possible. This includes tailwindcss v4.
Use prettier for formatting (there's already a .prettierignore file to exempt .md files from this requirement--add anything else there if you need).

We're using React, Next.js, tailwindcss, and PostgreSQL, all deployed on the Vercel platform with a free .tech domain.

## Todo (MVP)
Authentication/account                          Anna
Basic hitchin generation (limited procgen)
Hitchin transfer (QR codes)

## Data Structures

**Pardner** 		// Tracks all info about a player (pardner), including login info, bio info for targeting, and .
- id			number
- username		string
- password		string
- major			enum
- activeRelationship	Relationship
- inactiveRelationships	Relationship[]	

**Hitchin**		// Tracks all info about a hitchin
- id			number
- name			string 		// Stores the name of the Hitchin, which is displayed
- exp			number		// Gains experience with interactions, time, and transfers.
- activeRelationship	Relationship	// Tracks the relationship with the Hitchin's current pardner
- inactiveRelationships	Relationship[]	// Contains all the pardner that the Hitchin has learned from
- moveOutTime		Date		// Time that the hitchin will want to/started to want to find a new pardner.
- targetArchetype	Target		// During migration, contains the traits that the hitchin requires in a new pardner.

**Target** 		// During migration, tracks requirements that the Hitchin wants to see in their new Pardner. Target fields are null unless they are required. Implement major first.
- id			number
- major			enum		// enum ["Computer Science", "Natural Science", "Social Science", "Humanity", "Art", "Undeclared"]

**Relationship**	// Represents a pair of Hitchin and Pardner. Created when they first meet, never destroyed. Significant extensions to come later.
- id			number
- pardner		Pardner
- hitchin		Hitchin
- active		boolean

Commit message:

More front end stuff before diving into the meat and potatoes of actual procgen

README.md, after:

# Hitch and Stitch

A creatures game for promoting student-student interactions on a university campus.
Programmed using a Next.JS, React, TypeScript, Tailwindcss, PostgreSQL tech stack.

## Gameplay
Hitchins are little creatures who live on campus, learning alongside each of us--but they need some help!
Hitchins are too small to take themselves to class, so they need to hitch a ride from a student, their active "pardner".
Eventually (NOT MVP): Hitchins will have cute little interactions with their pardner that will build exp and their relationship. (Tamagotchi-esque).
Eventually (NOT VMP): Hitchins have built in, procgen characteristics that lend them personality (they have a dream).

After a while with a certain pardner, a hitchin will ask to move on to a new pardner with a certain trait (say, an art major)--they want to keep learning!
The current pardner will have to find a student in the target group to whom they'll transfer the hitchin.
The active pardner will present a transfer offer QR code, and let the recipient scan the code.

The same hitchin may come back your way after you trade them away--stay on the lookout!
Even when you're not *active* with a hitchin, you'll still be able to see their status: you've built a little relationship! 

## Tech Info
Please use pnpm for package management; it's a little more full-featured, efficient, and comfortable. Once you start using pnpm, DO NOT use npm again! (Eat kosher).
Try to keep all packages as updated as possible. This includes tailwindcss v4.
Use prettier for formatting (there's already a .prettierignore file to exempt .md files from this requirement--add anything else there if you need).

We're using React, Next.js, tailwindcss, and PostgreSQL, all deployed on the Vercel platform with a free .tech domain.

## Todo (MVP)
Authentication/account                          Anna
Basic hitchin generation (limited procgen)
Hitchin transfer (QR codes)

## Data Structures

**Pardner** 		// Tracks all info about a player (pardner), including login info, bio info for targeting, and .
- id			number
- username		string
- password		string
- major			enum
- activeRelationship	Relationship
- inactiveRelationships	Relationship[]	

**Hitchin**		// Tracks all info about a hitchin
- id			number
- name			string 		// Stores the name of the Hitchin, which is displayed
- seed          number      // PRNG seed for procgen; all procgen traits/personality derive from this. Does NOT need to be versioned for forward compatibility: traits always generate in a stable order with new ones added being strictly later and not affecting prior PRNG state. (Refinements of existing traits... should be easy to do in principle, and planning ahead for making that EXTRA elegant is. kinda scope creep.)
- exp			number		// Gains experience with interactions, time, and transfers.
- activeRelationship	Relationship	// Tracks the relationship with the Hitchin's current pardner
- inactiveRelationships	Relationship[]	// Contains all the pardner that the Hitchin has learned from
- moveOutTime		Date		// Time that the hitchin will want to/started to want to find a new pardner.
- targetArchetype	Target		// During migration, contains the traits that the hitchin requires in a new pardner.

**Target** 		// During migration, tracks requirements that the Hitchin wants to see in their new Pardner. Target fields are null unless they are required. Implement major first.
- id			number
- major			enum		// enum ["Computer Science", "Natural Science", "Social Science", "Humanity", "Art", "Undeclared"]

**Relationship**	// Represents a pair of Hitchin and Pardner. Created when they first meet, never destroyed. Significant extensions to come later.
- id			number
- pardner		Pardner
- hitchin		Hitchin
- active		boolean
